Terms of Service
Effective September 16th, 2015

Content guidelines
These types of sites are not allowed on CodeCloud:

Adult: involving nudity in a sexual context or adult themes.
Copyrighted Content: music, movies or games that you do not own the rights to.
Spam/SEO: a site whose sole purpose is to gain Google ranking, Facebook "likes", etc.
Phishing: a site meant to trick users into providing their username and password.
Illegal Content: content which may be illegal in the United States or Canada.
Scams: get rich quick, pyramid/MLM, or other dubious schemes.
Excessive Advertising: placing excessive advertising on your site, including more than three ad units per page.
File Hosting: including sites that are not created with the CodeCloud editor.
This list is a quick reference and is not meant to be complete. For more specific information, please refer to the Terms below.

1. Acceptance of terms
Welcome to CodeCloud's website creation service (the "Service"). Your use of the Service is subject to these Terms of Service ("Terms"). These Terms will also be applicable to your use of the Service on a trial basis. By using the Service, you signify your acceptance of these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Service.

2. Description of service
Our web-based Service allows users who register for an account (each an "Account Holder") to create and update an online web site. Once registered, each Account Holder receives his or her own Web Site and may post "Content" (defined in Section 7). Any new features on the Service, including the release of new CodeCloud tools and resources, shall be subject to these Terms. To use the Service, you must have access to the Internet, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and you must pay any fees associated with Internet access. In addition, you must provide all equipment necessary to make such connection to the Internet, including a web-enabled computer. The Service may include certain communications from us, such as service announcements, administrative messages, and the CodeCloud Newsletter. These communications are considered part of CodeCloud membership. You may not access the Service by any means other than through the Service interfaces we provide you.

3. Registration
To register as an Account Holder, you must provide us with a valid email address and other information ("Registration Data").You will choose a password and account designation for your web sites during the registration process and you will obtain a CodeCloud ID. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account, and for all activities that occur under your account. In consideration of use of the Service, you agree to maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete Registration Data. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or if CodeCloud has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service or any portion thereof. Individuals under the age of 13 are prohibited from creating or using accounts through CodeCloud.com. Multiple users may not use the same CodeCloud account.

4. Cancellation and termination
If you cancel the Service, your subscription will be active until the end of your billing period. At the end of your billing period, you will still be able to access the CodeCloud design tool for the remainder of the billing month. After the billing month is over, you will no longer have access to your web site and we may delete all information on your web site. We accept no liability for such deleted information or content.

For as long as we continue to offer the Services, we will provide and seek to update, improve and expand the Service. As a result, we allow you to access the Service as it may exist and be available on any given day and have no other obligations, except as expressly stated in this Agreement. We may modify, replace, refuse access to, suspend or discontinue the Service, partially or entirely, or change and modify prices for all or part of the Services for you or for all our users in our sole discretion. All of these changes shall be effective upon their posting on our site or by direct communication to you unless otherwise noted. We further reserve the right to withhold, remove and or discard any Content available as part of your account, with or without notice if deemed by us to be contrary to this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, we have no obligation to store, maintain or provide you a copy of any content that you or others provide when using the Service.

5. CodeCloud privacy policy
How we collect, protect and use your Registration Data and certain other information about you are contained in our Privacy Policy, which is part of these Terms.

6. Website account and security
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and web site, for all activities that occur or actions taken under the account or in connection with the web site. You agree to immediately notify us in writing of any unauthorized uses of the account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation. You acknowledge and agree that under no circumstances will we be liable, in any way, for any or your acts or omissions or those of any third party, including damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions.

Each CodeCloud account is uniqely associated with one user. Multiple users logging into the same CodeCloud account will be flagged and the account may be subject to termination. (defined in Section 3).

7. Your rights in your content
CodeCloud does not claim ownership of your Content, but you give us your permission to host your Content on the Service. This permission exists only for as long as you continue to use the Service or remain an Account Holder.

8. Content and conduct rules and obligations
All information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, goods, products, services or other materials you post on a web site via the Service ("Content") are the sole responsibility of the person from which such Content originated. You are responsible for all Content that you upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. We do not control the Content you post via the Service.

By using the Service, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will we be liable for your Content or the content of any third party, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in your Content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service. You acknowledge that we do not pre-screen Content, but that we shall have the right (but not the obligation) to refuse, move or delete any Content that is available via the Service. We shall also have the right to remove any Content that violates these Terms or is otherwise objectionable in our sole discretion. You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content. You may not rely on any Content created by us. You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve Content and may also disclose Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect our rights, property, or personal safety and those of our users and the public.

The technical processing and transmission of the Service, including Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

You agree that you will not:

upload, post, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy (up to, but not excluding any address, email, phone number, or any other contact information without the written consent of the owner of such information), hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; harm minors in any way;

impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a CodeCloud official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service;

upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that you do not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);

upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, rights of privacy or publicity, or other proprietary rights of any party;

upload, post, or transmit unsolicited commercial email or "spam". This includes unethical marketing, advertising, or any other practice that is in any way connected with "spam", such as (i) sending mass email to recipients who haven't requested email from you or with a fake return address, (ii) promoting a site with inappropriate links, titles, descriptions, or (iii) promoting your site by posting multiple submissions in public forums that are identical;

upload, post or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;

interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service;

intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law;

"stalk" or otherwise harass another;

promote or provide instructional information about illegal activities, promote physical harm or injury against any group or individual, or promote any act of cruelty to animals. This may include, without limitation, providing instructions on how to assemble bombs, grenades and other weapons or incendiary devices;

offer for sale or sell any item, good or service that (i) violates any applicable federal, state, or local law or regulation, (ii) you do not have full power and authority under all relevant laws and regulations to offer and sell, including all necessary licenses and authorizations, or (iii) we determine, in our sole discretion, is inappropriate for sale through the Service;

use the Service as a forwarding service to another web site; solicit a third party’s passwords or personal identifying information for unlawful or phishing purposes;

exceed the scope of the Service that you have signed up for;

for example, by accessing and using the tools that you do not have a right to use, or deleting, adding to, or otherwise changing other peoples comments or content;

(q) upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that is intended to take advantage of a user. Such content may include, but is not limited to, "get rich quick", "get paid to surf", pyramid/MLM, or other dubious schemes;

include more than three ad units per page, or any advertising that greatly reduces the usability of the site;

upload files for the sole purpose of having them hosted by us and for use outside of a web site created using the Service;

create a web site that provides an injurious user experience with custom programming. Examples include, but are not limited to, extreme flashing banners and excessive animated movement;

upload, post or otherwise transmit any Content that is adult in nature, such as any nudity in a sexual context, any Content revealing exposed genitalia, or any Content with adult themes;

We retain the right to terminate any account or user who has violated any of the above prohibitions.

9. Fees/payment
Some of the features on the Service require payment of fees. If you elect to sign up for these features, you shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the Service in connection with such features selected by you. We reserve the right to change our prices and at any time. You authorize us. to make any reasonably necessary inquiries to validate your account and financial information.

All fees are exclusive of all taxes, levies, or duties imposed by taxing authorities, and you shall be responsible for payment thereof. You agree to pay for any taxes that might be applicable to your use of the Service and payments you make to us.

10. Cancelation of service
CodeCloud Paid Accounts can receive a refund. Please direct refund requests to support@CodeCloud.com with the subject line: Refund Request.

If you elect to purchase your own domain name, this purchase is non-refundable and not subject to refunds.

Downgrading your account may cause the loss of content, features, or capacity of your account. We do not accept any liability for such loss.

11. Additional software
If you elect to download or access any additional software or third party content made available by us through the Service, you must agree to additional terms and conditions before you use such software or third party content. If you do not agree to the third party’s terms of service or license agreement, do not download the software or content.

Your use of any third party software or content obtained through the Service does not transfer to you any rights, title or interest in or to the third party software or such content beyond the terms contained in the third party provider's terms of service or license.

12. International use
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.

13. Links
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other web sites or resources. Because we have no control over such sites and resources, we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and we do not endorse and are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. We are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.

14. Templates
If you choose, you may contribute website templates ("Custom Templates") to the Service for use by other users. You hereby grant and agree to grant us an exclusive, perpetual, sublicensable, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to use, copy, modify, and create derivative works of any Custom Templates contributed by You to the Service, including the HTML code and media assets therefor.

15. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold CodeCloud, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, co-branders, partners and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your Content, use of or connection to the Service, violation of these Terms, or violation of any rights of another.

16. Resale of service
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service without our express written permission.

17. General practices regarding use and storage
We may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service and may modify such practices and limits from time to time with or without notice to you.

18. Our proprietary rights
You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contains proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that content contained in sponsor advertisements or in information presented to you through the Service or advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by us or our advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service, in whole or in part.

We do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Service or by email. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by an authorized CodeCloud representative, any material, information or idea you transmit to us by any means may be disseminated or used by us or our affiliates without compensation or liability to you for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products. However, this provision does not apply to Content (as defined herein), or to personal information that is subject to our Privacy Policy.

19. Disclaimer of warranties
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT:

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

WE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, LOSS OF DATA, CUSTOMER INFORMATION OR VENDOR DATA, REVENUE, OR OTHER HARM TO BUSINESS ARISING OUT OF DELAYS, MISDELIVERY OR NONDELIVERY OF INFORMATION, RESTRICTION OR LOSS OF ACCESS, BUGS OR OTHER ERRORS, UNAUTHORIZED USE DUE TO YOUR SHARING OF ACCESS TO THE SERVICE, OR OTHER INTERACTION WITH THE SERVICE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING AND BACKING-UP YOUR DATA AND INFORMATION THAT MAY RESIDE ON THE SERVICE. CodeCloud DOES NOT WARRANT THAT (i) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS, (ii) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (iv) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, AND (V) ANY ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.

ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY SUCH MATERIAL.

20. Limitation of liability
WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF CodeCloud HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM: (i) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (ii) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (iii) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (iv) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (v) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO FOR THE PAST THREE MONTHS OF THE SERVICE IN QUESTION.

21. Exclusions and limitations
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OF SECTIONS 20 AND 21 MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

22. U.S. government restricted rights
The materials on the Service are provided with "RESTRICTED RIGHTS." Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to restrictions as set forth in applicable laws and regulations. Use of the materials by the U.S. Government constitutes acknowledgment of our proprietary rights in them.

23. General
We may provide notices to you via either email or regular mail. The Service may also provide notices of changes to these Terms or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices to you generally on the Service. These Terms and the relationship between you and CodeCloud shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and CodeCloud agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within Mountain View, California. The failure of CodeCloud to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of these Terms). You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or other services, third-party content or third-party software. If any provision of these Terms or incorporated documents are found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. You acknowledge and agree that you are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Further, more than one person's claims may not be consolidated under any circumstances, in any form of any class or representative proceeding or otherwise.

Effective date: June 10th 2013